I wanted me to talk, it became so.
for the improvement that was made in ct and a
year over here with your style because all the
dog can all our board have
It is a thought that the
players here have appeared new
galactic can china have returned to
reveal and you start not only in
investments and materials that lgbt
let's help that necessary comfort
the young athlete and is also evident not
have programming projects that have
Mom to stay says we are
making
but this is the one I have here so far
That we started here is Jorge.
so we try to reform and
automatic connection and at the end of
still in the management of sílvio guimarães the
brother was to represent began to do
the foundation there the work in the beloved's
fashion world
then this work was started in a bid
mosque 2010
and then when I went up we gave priority
we started doing
this partnership with the country even though the
investment of two million
our arquirrival there we think there
analyzing the correct thing is that you have to
see all details on turn the review
things that never interact for the
so that you do not get out later
breaking and taking is spent expenses
hours and there is the very project fully
very big right 15 years we got
go out and do all the part of the base that you
have the opportunity to see
we are with the hotel there is past
80 minutes
every part of the locker room from the
medium size should also be alive and
these fields qualify
remembered is that it is this tata that these
Island tracks have not gone that
wiring but no follow-up
it is a ball falling on the break and this
flooring for you to have
Some information
we are here in the restaurant and
there really was a concern
big for you, what is that running away from?
tip are you have the opportunity to
to know is a room that you
is both the brand the professional since
it was no use ct of history but
I'd rather invest in bigger basketball
plant and realized that the
part of a cold room is to have the whole
departure for food selection is there
You will have the kitchen that will follow the
the two talk in the halls of the page
brand are up because I am an air
different is to come also with jair is in
face of the order should be ready in
shoe works very well at
fifa technical part requires the
as well as the academy and the
next year's program is to start the hotel
of the professional is thought us team already
next year the base
you know both sub-17 achieved
to compete in two Brazilian and
Back here after the cup.
these are Paul, this is it
and emphasize that the sport is coming
a real good of peace because it is
Then you will see that our
sustainability know when the
deadline for the completion of the entire
they a little bit like I already
I came to get work, it was good.
chat and the financial and sporting entered
What is the bmg partner ?
the case was the first to leave is tooth
the compatibilization that helped with its
structure to welcome the world and
especially in the condition of purchase
than the one celebrated today cheaper and
we want here are the ports have
money and taques engineer
competent beyond the goalkeeper
I would like to emphasize that the dedication of our
to hatchback our the camila delegate
ethics and discipline
the subject here and there we go from there
we got the partnership with the poet who
22 million total so far in
October cycling in Brazil we are there
then the own piglets 302 million
this partnership
compose will get some of the work of
10 million with the opposition
dodo to the professional but it is not
laundry building we will start
building also here from the
press and the administration of ctt
we are also in there with the
organization of the race after placing
lighting bleachers in one of the fields
and it is something that since the beginning of
Our management is that battling is the people
for the paving of the access of all
get here without having to go through
unpaved road from the
can have a project for this
transportation is used in the selections in the
2014 World Cup as well as keep
the project that such a thing can you
Look at our outgoing spirit.
and there was also avoiding this subject
but the kick hit up pressure to
polish then you have already done so
air force praises the
multibanco stunt rate and we have to
more and more is beautiful with this
construction was not going to work
the equipment will be used during the
your illegal stay also stay here
to create is our new players
as well as equipment for a
situation